what's going on guys it's ketchup here
once again first things first I'm pretty
sorry about my voice at the moment I
haven't had colds currently speak and
the game molly was going quiet at the
moment but I'm gonna keep this video
short and sweet regardless i think i
made this covered a bug sonic wan-chi
you guys know that really rinsing this
variation since launch when it comes to
zoning the best thing to do is to buffer
down back and then threes for what are
you ready to press the second it gets
clogged or heads it's the fast as well
be getting back back then really that
she was owing people out really heavily
respawning the bat in this rapid method
though does seem to cause a bug up close
so a jump distance or closer cast in the
back instantly will cause the map to
vanish okay so get the bat ready and
then Buffett our bike immediately threes
already pressed bat vanishes the issue
here as you can see i'm completely
incapable of actually riesling the bat
after it disappears until the natural
timer of the bats allows it to be
respawn I thought maybe the sort of in
play choice because the low batt it
doesn't manage I can cast it again even
if I butter immediately it doesn't
manage I can use it point blank and cast
it point-blank same method it only seems
to apply to the straight mid bat where
if you are this kind of range you cast
constantly buffer it back
the bat managers and you can't cast it
for the duration of the bat naturally
taking to disappear which is about sort
of six seconds I guess and then we know
the exact time yet but some reason yet
get the Pat and I can't be some of it at
all this officer doesn't massively
hinder the character he's really good
regardless but the reason I think is a
bug is peeling because any the back
appears and then vanishes and I can't
cast it here for the duration and also
because no one I can castle immediately
no they can't cast it as you can see
there that's why I think it might be a
bug it doesn't hinder but it's very
strange I'm not quite sure why it
functions that way I mean I send it to
the right people I suppose I try again
depending on it it could be a gameplay
decision regardless might have been how
they get around it but just for the sake
of it might be a bug I'm gonna put this
video up and just see what people think
I suppose once again I apologize voice
codes will do that to you unfortunately
and as always if you enjoy the content
then please like and subscribe more more
comic stuff so cheers guys I'm ketchup
and i'll catch you around see